Add HaTS and Opt-In Feedback links (#2919)
GoogleContainerTools/skaffold: docs/content/en/docs/references/feedback/_index.md

---
title: "Skaffold Feedback"
linkTitle: "Skaffold Feedback"
weight: 300
---

Your feedback is very important to us to make Skaffold better!
Sending us feedback is easy.

> ## Quick HaTS Survey

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Quick survey
```

Reviewer: I don't think HaTS is well known.

Take our [quick 5-question survey](https://forms.gle/BMTbGQXLWSdn7vEs6) to tell us how satisfied you are with
Skaffold and and what improvements we should make.

## Skaffold Feedback Sessions
The Skaffold team actively incorporates user feedback as the product evolves.

> We are looking to chat with developers like you to learn about how you use Skaffold and

Reviewer 2: maybe rephrase to something like:

We are looking to chat with developers like you to learn how you use Skaffold and how we can improve it to better suit your needs.

anything we can do to make it better suit your needs.

> If you’re interested, please provide your contact information below by filling in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you’re interested, please provide your contact information below by filling out the
```

[Skaffold feedback form](https://forms.gle/J5h567ncypY2ziq49).

> We'll reach out to schedule a one-hour hangouts session at a time convenient for you. Providing your information does not guarantee that we will contact you. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

** What is a feedback session? ** 

If you sign up for a feedback session, we'll reach out to schedule a one-hour video conference session at a time convenient for you. No preparation is needed on your part. 
```

No preparation is needed on your part.

> Plus, you'll get the chance to help build something you'll love and a token of our appreciation once participation  is complete!

Reviewer: I'm not sure we need this at all. Let's discuss!

Author: this was from the form Sarah had. i can remove it.

> If at any time you wish to opt out of any communications from Skaffold team, please fill our [opt-out form](https://forms.gle/cnfCXotenyUtF92w6)

Reviewer 2: nit: period at the end

> If at any time you wish to opt out of any communications from Skaffold team, please fill our [opt-out form](https://forms.gle/cnfCXotenyUtF92w6)

Reviewer: I would add "Note: providing your information does not guarantee that we will contact you." at the end here somewhere.
